Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to limit the card's quantity.
And the reason for this is because you can see currently users are able to reduce their cards item to
less than one.
Now I think this is a very bad design.
So what we can do is immediately it is below one.
We want to disable this minus button to do this.
Alright.
Yeah right after the press we can say cuts provider.
Card provider.
Don't get items right.
And we want to assess each item based on just the quantity.
And we can then say if it is equal to one, then we want to disable it by saying no else if it is not
equal to one, we.
Everybody wants to be able to do.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
And let's go try this out.
Okay.
I'm just going to go do it again.
And you can see currently it is disabled because it is equal to one and.
Okay.
We can no longer document.
Now, what we are also going to do is you can see currently for this product, which is going to show
you this quickly.
For this products, you can see we have just four pieces that is for heights and available.
That is for a high force available.
So what we want to do is we do not want users to be able to hold more more products than what we have.
Okay.
To do this over here.
We are also going to disable the button.
We are going to say card provider.
To get items and we want to assess them by their index and quantity.
Is equal to.
Kat's provider.
Card provider that was get items and we want to assess them they are intense then those talk.
In stock.
Sorry about the stock is basically referring to how many products we have.
If it is equal to what we have in database, we then want to say no else.
We want to be able to increment.
This is basically it.
Use control and save and go check this out.
Okay.
You can see currently we have four iPhones available.
Right.
So let's go check.
And currently we have heard that we have heard that maybe three or we are incrementing our cards quantity
to say we need three of this product and let's go to four.
And you can see currently it is disabled because we have just four available.
Okay.
Working as expected.
I'm just going to implement this again.
Goo goo goo goo.
Goo goo.
Okay.
And now we can segment Cisco.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.